Throughout the course, you and Manuel are going to work
on a course dataset
and of course this starts basic at importing itm then adjusting the import to your needs and so on and
therefore, the course project, the Power BI file will also change.
Now to give you a chance of catching up if you are lost or if you want to compare Manuel's solution
with yours, you can download the latest version of the project from time to time and you will therefore find
the zipped files attached to some of the course lectures. Now I'm going to show you how to use these files because you'll
have to adjust your import paths
since of course, you download them to your machine and the paths will vary or differ from the
ones Manuel used.
So here's how to do that.
You of course extract that file and once you did this, you will have the Power BI file and the source folder.
Now we can open the Power BI file and it will open Power BI Desktop but as soon as this is finished,
you will see that we have an issue.
If we go to the query editor in our case here and let it load, you see of course it doesn't find the source
file because it still references the path on Manuel's machine and unfortunately, there's no way of avoiding
this since Power BI needs absolute paths.
So what you will have to do to fix this is you will have to go to the advanced editor here and here,
you can edit this path and you should simply adjust it so that it points to your CSV file.
So in my case where I also store this on the desktop, I'll go back to my Explorer, grab this path here which
is where the Power BI file lives, go back to the advanced editor and replace everything in front of source,
because I still have that folder in there with my path.
Now with that being done, we can hit done and you see the data is there.
If you still experience issues, you should hit refresh preview to really force Power BI to update your
paths
and with that, unfortunately you'll have to do that for all your imports here.
I know this can be inconvenient but this is the only way of fixing these paths.
However once you do have the new path copied or stored in your clipboard,
it's really easy to go in there and exchange it in all the places where it is used.
Once you did exchange it everywhere where it was used,
all the other queries which are based on other queries where you did actually import it should update
automatically. So you don't need to exchange it in all the queries, only in queries where you of course referenced
these files. Queries depending on queries where you referenced it, will be updated automatically,
if they aren't, hit this refresh preview button I was mentioning earlier. And with that, you should be good to
go and you should be good to use the source files if you want to compare Manuel's set up with yours and
want to see what he actually did there and if something is unclear.
So that is just a little help,
enjoy the course.